play misty for me for Clint Eastwood an
invitation to terror you ever find
yourself being completely smothered by
somebody there's no escape and passion
there's no escaping speed there's no
escape from terror
you will change the laxen so nobody
asked you to wait for you're not jumping
me buster blue is off my bag Evelyn
play misty for me yeah off my bag back
yeah off my bag the most terrifying
words you'll ever hear play misty for me
the screens most frightening plunge into
terror have to get you all nice her
David I hope he likes what he sees when
he walks in here because that's what
he's taking to hell with him
just open lucky enough to grab her the
next time she tries it tries what to
kill you
well next scream you hear will be your
own